Azure Front Door supports managed certificates for wildcard domains (#128407)
Azure/azure-content: articles/frontdoor/domain.md

* You want Azure Key Vault to issue your certificate by using a partner certification authority.
* You need to use a TLS certificate that a client application recognizes.
* You need to use the same TLS certificate on multiple systems.

> [!NOTE]

> > * As of September 2023, Azure Front Door supports Bring Your Own Certificates (BYOC) for domain ownership validation. Front Door approves the domain ownership if the Certificate Name (CN) or Subject Alternative Name (SAN) of the certificate matches the custom domain. If you select Azure managed certificate, the domain validation uses the DNS TXT record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * Azure managed certificates can be used with wildcard custom domains. When you select an Azure managed certificate, domain validation uses the DNS TXT record. There is no auto-renewal for wildcard domains using managed certificate. 
```

> > * As of September 2023, Azure Front Door supports Bring Your Own Certificates (BYOC) for domain ownership validation. Front Door approves the domain ownership if the Certificate Name (CN) or Subject Alternative Name (SAN) of the certificate matches the custom domain. If you select Azure managed certificate, the domain validation uses the DNS TXT record.

Reviewer 2: @pl4nty  Can you respond to the requested changes or let us know if you would like us to commit them?

@halkazwini  - When the changes are ready for publication, adding a `#sign-off` comment is the best way to signal that the PR is ready for the review team to merge. 

#label:"aq-pr-triaged"
@MicrosoftDocs/public-repo-pr-review-team
